It's very seldom today that companies run individual servers on individual hardware.
What tends to happen is that virtualization software such as VM where or VM is used to virtualize hardware
for multiple servers.
In other words you can run multiple servers on a single bare metal P.C. or bare metal server for example.
I'm running Mac OS here but I'm also running Linux in a VM.
In this example I'm running the general three VM on my mac the genus three VM runs on Linux.
I've also got a Windows P.C. that I could boot up and run with in a VM way on my mac in the same way
on the windows.
P.S. I could boot up the genus 3 VM which runs on Linux
I could also boot up other virtual machines running in the virtual box as an example this is a Linux
based operating system running within virtual box within a Windows P.C. so I could run a multiple hypervisor
is on windows so I could as an example like I'm doing here run multiple hyper visors on windows and
run multiple operating systems within Windows.
Typically you don't want to do that typically you run one hypervisor at a time on your windows operating
system or on your Mac operating system.
The advantage of doing it this way is that you can run applications that require different operating
systems on the same server or the same P.C. so as an example Jenny's free as an application to provide
better functionality requires that I run Linux within a virtual machine to support certain types of
devices in a genius 3 topology so as an example if I want to run my with V devices such as an I w v
player to switch or an IRS v router that needs to run within the genus 3 VM.